---
layout: post
title: 'Séance SAP :  International Relations concepts: origins, adaptations and innovations'
date: 2019-04-11
tags:
  - Relations internationales
  - Concept
  - SAP
tabs: true
---

Une séance dans le cadre du [Séminaire sur les approches
postcoloniales](https://www.sciencespo.fr/ceri/fr/content/seminaire-sur-les-approches-postcoloniales-sap-1.html)
(SAP).

L’objet de ce séminaire mensuel est de construire un espace qui pourrait
accueillir des doctorant·es et des professeur·es, ainsi que des étudiant·es
de masters intéressé·es par ces approches scientifiques. Le format régulier de
ce séminaire consiste en une présentation d’un travail de recherche suivie d’une
discussion.

**International Relations concepts: origins, adaptations and innovations.**

Speaker:

**Karen Smith, Leiden University.**

For the third session of the Seminar on Postcolonial Studies, we are proud to
welcome Karen Smith, faculty member at Leiden University in the Netherlands and
honorary research associate at the University of Cape Town. Her research focuses
on non-western contributions to IR (theory), South Africa’s foreign policy and
the role of emerging powers in global governance. During this seminar, she will
interrogate the assumption of universality of concepts in IR, as well as the
potential for theoretical innovation through the introduction of concepts from
the Global South. One of Karen Smith’s latest publications is “Reshaping
International Relations: Theoretical Innovations from Africa”, published by All
Azimuth: A Journal of Foreign Policy and Peace in 2018. She serves on the
editorial boards of *Review of International Studies*, *Foreign Policy Analysis*
and *Rising Powers Quarterly*, and was also recently appointed as special
adviser to the UN Secretary-General on the responsibility to protect.

Responsables scientifiques :

Frédéric Ramel, Sciences Po-CERI, Ayrton Aubry, Pablo Barnier-Khawam, Léonard
Colomba-Petteng, doctorants Sciences Po-CERI.

<iframe width="100%" height="166" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allow="autoplay" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/604840890&color=e6142d"></iframe><div style="font-size: 10px; color: #cccccc;line-break: anywhere;word-break: normal;overflow: hidden;white-space: nowrap;text-overflow: ellipsis; font-family: Interstate,Lucida Grande,Lucida Sans Unicode,Lucida Sans,Garuda,Verdana,Tahoma,sans-serif;font-weight: 100;"><a href="https://soundcloud.com/ceri-5" title="CERI" target="_blank" style="color: #cccccc; text-decoration: none;">CERI</a> · <a href="https://soundcloud.com/ceri-5/international-relations-concepts-origins-adaptations-and-innovations" title="International Relations concepts: origins, adaptations and innovations" target="_blank" style="color: #cccccc; text-decoration: none;">International Relations concepts: origins, adaptations and innovations</a></div>
